swaraj

https://www.linkedin.com/in/swaraj-kumar/

swaraj#3993






abhinav
Abhinav P Rotti
Discord id: AidenCipher#8194
LinkedIn id: https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhinav-r-5915721bb

Info about our team:
We're a happy little bunch of developers working on android applications with Kotlin and iOS applications with swift 5.

With us you'll be learning how to develop clean and 
User friendly applications! 

Be a part of the change to modern programming languages with us! Learn Kotlin in the most fun and friendly way!

Motive:
Creating applications that ease people's lives.

Having fun brainstorming! We welcome all kinds of ideas!

To change the stereotype about applications. 

Inspiration:
Elvis Presley's hairstyle! You'll get this when you join us ; )

The idea of being able to create something that can change lives!






Divyashree R S

Discord-Divyashree RS#0314

Linkedin -https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyashree-r-s-a443231a8

Coding is the process of creating instructions for computers and getting them to behave how you wanted it to. 
It was developed to interact with computers which is the only way to communicate with them.

Coding is essential skill that you should have in order to survive in 21st century. 
It makes us how to think logically, solve the problem more efficiently and to do in creative way. 
So basically learning these things ate motive of our team.

I believe coding is fundamental skill to involve in technology and to provoke the innovative ideas within us. 
This made to get into this field and to learn more things in funny way and inspiring way.



snajana

discord SK_7#9272
linked in - https://www.linkedin.com/in/sanjana-m-051939195/

motivation 
The need for decentralization is the key motivation behind the blockchain technology, 
and decentralization is achieved by distributing the computation tasks to all the nodes of the blockchain network.

inspiration
I'll say it's gold for nerds . It is fascinating how blockchain technology works. That's what keep me up to know more about it.

about team
Blockchain technology is a form of digitalized, de-centralized public record of all cryptocurrency transactions. 
Blockchain was designed to record, not just financial-related transactions, but virtually everything of value.




reashma
Discord : Reshma M#6763
Linked In: https://www.linkedin.com/in/reshma-murali-936836168

Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning are the emerging technologies dealing with the human- machine interactions.

Most of the electronic gadgets and applications  that we come across in our day-to-day lives involve the concepts of AI and ML which enhanced my curiosity towards this field.
 
As stated by Henry Ford:
"Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success."
The main motive of this team is to learn, work and achieve with pre-defined frameworks and clear set goals.